what's happening everybody today i want
to give you a
quick video a video about how to improve
your
marketing skills fast and that means i
got to give you a fast intro
i want to share with you a short clip of
a conversation i had with my buddy bill
king who leads seo and paid acquisition
at drift
about four key things that you can do to
improve your marketing skills
let's check that out like i remember
gary vaynerchuk like built his career
his wine like the library business off
like two cents per click google ads
um and i think that comes with the
beginner's mindset
i don't have this figured out and i am
like the loudest voice
on the internet is my perspective on
like i do not have everything figured
out like i am not the best seo in the
world
i'm not the best paid marketer in the
world i'm not the best marketer in the
world
um and you need to force yourself to
stay in the beginner's mindset because
our brains are
wired to get into patterns and like oh
i've got this figured out like keep
doing keep doing it but
there could be somebody out there who's
trying something and maybe like is just
killing it
now it's not scaling yet but they will
be the expert on the next platform right
so going back to that balanced portfolio
like
set time to think about things get away
from your work think about bigger
picture stuff
um i don't think enough attention is put
onto
that side of it like we are always
focused on executing all the time but
like sometimes you just need to like
step away from what you're doing and
think about how could i be doing things
differently
what do i see in trends and how people
behave and act
and how do i like apply that to the type
of audience i'm trying to attract
because i'll tell you what there's one
thing like dave gearhart who just
you know just left drift when he was out
there doing videos on linkedin
like with his cell phone and people were
like what is going on it's like
i don't think they understood what he
was trying to do he was trying to
take advantage of a of an avenue with a
channel that was under served and
undervalued right
so that will never go away but like the
tactics that we
take to get there will and so just you
know always be
keeping open mind when you see somebody
doing something strange that's really
smart
you should probably figure out why
because maybe there's a reason why
they're doing it you know
so i think that like beginner's mindset
is super important
yeah and not i think there's we also
have ego around like
do i do this because it work do i
believe in this because it works or does
it work because i believe in it like
it's kind of like a weird
or you know am i saying it works because
i just it's what i do
kind of thing there was somebody who i
was watching like just blow up on
linkedin
recently and i was just like these
videos are awful
i don't like their brand like this is
terrible
and cringy and i'm like but they're in
forbes and entrepreneur magazine like
this is clearly and they're doing brand
deals and i'm like this is so
interesting they're doing the youtuber
thing
on linkedin yeah and i was like that's
so like there's something
again like trying to take my ego and my
like i'm i come in with the hot takes
real quick
um like trying to pull that back a
little bit and reign it into like
there's something to learn here you know
yeah i think like
so you just said something really
important you need to be willing to be
to be wrong and to have failure and this
is something that i dealt with in poker
a ton
and you think about baseball analogy too
like there's a ton of failure
if you're gonna if you're gonna win you
need to be willing to take bigger bets
and more of them
until somebody's not willing to like
match you on that right
um you have to be willing to like and
hard failure comes with trying new
things
and finding value that's just the way it
is and like
you shouldn't be afraid to ask questions
you shouldn't be afraid to
think like what if you know those types
of things are super important
um if you want to be a practitioner and
execute against somebody else's strategy
totally go out there and and do whatever
that person
um that expert has decided is the best
strategy but if you want to like start
thinking about
some stuff that you can do or be like a
leader you have to shift that mindset
into
thinking about those types of problems
differently all right what's happening
everybody so
here are my four key takeaways number
one
beginners mindset you have to you can be
a teacher
but you always have to be a student
keep that beginner's mindset be willing
to learn at all times even from things
you think you can't possibly learn from
number two it's so easy to get caught up
in the
tactics in the day-to-day in the weeds
of things but take time to pause
step back a little bit maybe talk with
your hands little jazz hands here uh
take time to step back and really think
about strategy and bigger picture stuff
instead of just
tactics and execution number three
you've heard me mention this in a bunch
of other videos too
take time to pause look at how people
are actually behaving look at your
behavior look at your spouse look at
your kids look at people you're around
i'm in the middle of a quarantine right
now right long hair got this
nice reed richards gray coming in on the
side the heart is growing out so much
you can
actually parting my hair instead of
having a hard part cut in it right i'm
not around people but i'm watching now
how people behave
online take time to study and actually
look at what people
are doing and then last one you're going
to hear me i'll i'll tease
an upcoming video you should check it
out on the channel as well where we talk
about personal branding and this is one
of the biggest things about having a
personal brand that makes you
stand out is be willing to be wrong be
willing to try things if you want to
grow your marketing
skills fast you have to be willing to
make bigger and bigger bets on things
right take bigger and bigger chances try
different stuff
and be willing to be wrong if you want
to continue improving your marketing
skills do a couple things for me number
one subscribe to this channel
number two check out the description
below i've got a playlist of the rest of
my conversation with bill king
also a whole playlist just around
growing your career in digital marketing
in marketing
growing your marketing skills check that
out as well and if you specifically want
to
improve with your seo skills check out
the one ranking away challenge just a
free five day challenge to run you
through
the basics the core fundamentals take
that beginner's mindset
check this out even if you've been doing
seo for years and years check out the
one ranking away
challenge at slash 100daysofseo.com
if you're making videos and podcasts
like me and you want to turn that into
written content to rank in search just
like i do
check out podreacher.com jackie and her
team help me
take all these videos all the podcasts i
do turn them into written content
and then let me know final call to
action i love cramming a bunch of ctas
at the end of videos it's kind of my
thing i think at this point
um make sure you can hear my kids in the
background let me know in the comments
below what's helped you improve your
marketing skills the most is it watching
youtube videos is it watching my youtube
videos tell me
tell me in the comments below that it's
watching my youtube videos
or is it books right i have all my
favorite books all around here jordan
peterson's book
not a marketing book but has really
helped me rethink different things
grow my marketing career all that
different stuff let me know in the
comments below i've been brandon huffer
don't forget to work hard be nice people
and don't get too lost trying to create
something that matters
[Music]
you